Indexing best practices: multilingual content (#2230)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/advanced/indexing.md

1. Meilisearch may be killed by the OS for over-consuming RAM

> 2. Users making search requests may experience a slowdown while the indexer is processing an update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search performance may decrease while the indexer is processing an update
```
